London Refurbishment Company Directory
London Refurbishment Company Directory is your trusted partner for connecting individuals and businesses with the best service providers across Greater London. Our platform is designed to simplify your search for trusted professionals specializing in refurbishment, restoration, installation, and maintenance services. Whether you're embarking on a residential project, managing a commercial development, or looking for niche services, we offer a comprehensive solution tailored to your needs.


Table of Contents
Features
Service Categories
How It Works
About Us
Contact Us
Get Started
Social Media
License
Resources
Features
Verified Listings: All service providers are carefully vetted to ensure they meet our high standards of quality and professionalism.
Advanced Search Filters: Easily find the right service provider with granular filtering options.
Comprehensive Profiles: Detailed business profiles with reviews, ratings, and contact information.
High-Quality Leads for Businesses: Generate quality leads and increase visibility without high advertising costs.
User-Friendly Interface: Seamless navigation for both users and businesses to enhance their experience.
Service Categories
Explore our extensive range of service categories to find the perfect match for your refurbishment and restoration needs:

Restaurant Refurbishment London
Golf Club Refurbishment London
Pub Refurbishment London
Shop Refurbishment London
Conservatory Refurbishment London
Bar Refurbishment London
Garage Refurbishment London
Hotel Refurbishment London
Kitchen Refurbishment London
Flat Refurbishment London
Gym Refurbishments London
Commercial Refurbishment London
Property Refurbishment London
Interior Refurbishment London
Office Refurbishment London
Bathroom Refurbishment London
Full House Refurbishment London
Lift Refurbishment London
Basement Refurbishment London
Home Refurbishment London
Garden Refurbishment London
Sash Window Refurbishment London
Decking Restoration London
Floorboard Restoration London
Facade Restoration London
Marble Restoration London
Fire Damage Restoration London
Marble Floor Restoration London
Fireplace Restoration London
Property Restoration London
Flood Damage Restoration London
Wood Floor Restoration London
Brick Restoration London
Stone Restoration London
Excavation Services London
Chimney Repairs London
Fire Door Installation London
Fire Alarm Installation London
Mould Removal Services London
Insulation Services London
Fence Installation London
Heat Pump Installation London
Driveway Paving London
Boiler Installation London
Pressure Cleaning Services London
Tiling Services London
Patios and Decking London
Underfloor Heating Installation London
Bathroom Fitters London
Solar Panel Installers London
Flooring Installation London
Structural Repairs London
Demolition Services London
Drywall Installation London
CCTV Installation London
Architectural Services London
Air Conditioning Repair London
Property Maintenance London
AC Installation London
Roof Repairs London
Smart Home Installation London
Kitchen Fitters London
Bricklayers London
Roofers London
House Extensions London
Asbestos Removal London
Window Installation London
Carpentry Services London
Guttering Services London
Light Installation London
Electrical Services London
Plastering Services London
Building Contractors London
Damp Proofing London
Scaffolding Services London
Steel Fabrication London
Fire Protection Services London
Property Developers London
Loft Conversions London
Groundworks London
Soundproofing Services London
Landscaping Companies London
Painting and Decorating London
Waste Removal London
Plumbing Services London
Door Installation London
How It Works
For Users:

Search: Use our advanced search filters to find the exact service you need.
Compare: View detailed profiles, read reviews, and compare ratings of different service providers.
Contact: Directly reach out to your chosen provider through our platform.
For Businesses:

Join: Sign up and create a comprehensive profile showcasing your services.
Get Noticed: Increase your visibility and attract high-quality leads.
Grow: Utilize our platform to grow your business without the high costs of traditional advertising.
About Us
London Refurbishment Company Directory is dedicated to connecting individuals and businesses with the best service providers across Greater London. Our mission is to build a high-quality directory that prioritizes trust, reliability, and customer satisfaction. Every service provider featured on our platform is carefully vetted to ensure they meet the highest standards of quality and professionalism.

Our Story
Founded in 2024 by Dima Stasyuk, London Refurbs aims to provide a localized, highly relevant experience for users searching for refurbishment and restoration services in London. By focusing exclusively on the Greater London area, we help users connect with the right businesses quickly and efficiently.

Contact Us
London Refurbishment Company Directory

Address: 3 More London Place, London, SE1 2SG
Phone: 0204 572 5555
Email: hi@londonrefurbs.com
Hours: Mon–Sun, 8am–8pm
Google My Business: London Refurbishments

Map:

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m14!1m8!1m3!1d9934.000310748623!2d-0.0797555!3d51.5040409!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x4876030023c1bddd%3A0x670942be9f78df1f!2sLondon%20Refurbishments!5e0!3m2!1sen!2suk!4v1733748144477!5m2!1sen!2suk" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>
Get Started
Whether you're a user looking for reliable refurbishment services or a business aiming to increase your visibility, London Refurbs is here to help.

For Users:
Browse Services: Explore our extensive list of service categories.
Select Provider: Choose the service provider that best fits your needs.
Connect: Contact the provider directly through our platform.
For Businesses:
Sign Up: Create your business profile on our directory.
Showcase Services: Highlight your services and specialties.
Generate Leads: Attract high-quality leads and grow your business.
Social Media
Stay connected with us through our social media channels for the latest updates, tips, and news.

LinkedIn: London Refurbs on LinkedIn
Facebook: London Refurbishment Companies
Instagram: @londonrefurbishments
X (Twitter): @LDNrefurbs
Pinterest: London Refurbs on Pinterest
License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Resources
Crunchbase Profile
Stripe Climate
Gust
GetLatka
Peerlist
Uneed
Microlaunch
SideProjectors
ProvenExpert
SaaShub
Keywords/Tags
Refurbishment
Renovation
Restoration
Installation
Maintenance
Directory
Contractors
Services
Property
Professionals
Payment Methods
We accept the following payment methods:

Credit/Debit
Bank Transfer
Google Pay
Apple Pay
Stripe
Payment Link
Additional Information
Year Founded: 2024
Owner: Dima Stasyuk
Business Email: hi@londonrefurbs.com
Keywords: Residential Refurbishments London, Luxury Refurbishment London, Kitchen Refurbishment London, etc. (Refer to the Service Categories for a complete list.)
